feat: add development setup related files (#4049)
asyncapi/website: development/scripts/build-pages.md

## Build Pages Script

### Summary

> This TypeScript script transforms markdown files into MDX files suitable for a React application. It recursively processes files from a source directory, applies several transformations to make the content compatible with JSX, and outputs the modified files to a target directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Build pages` TypeScript script transforms markdown files into MDX files suitable for a React application. It recursively processes files from a source directory, applies several transformations to make the content compatible with JSX, and outputs the modified files to a target directory.
```
